Happy King wants to convict
Witness and physical evidence are indispensable
Since you consider me a traitor
Except for this guy
Do you have any other evidence?
The emperor led the army at the age of 10
Protect the people of Xuan Kingdom
It is absolutely impossible to do such a heinous thing
What's more, the emperor has long since retired
Not at the base at all during this time
I don't know anything about the military
It was impossible to communicate with the Empire
This is a blatant slander
Suzaku, my subordinates have seen it
You are still maintaining Shiyun
This is a matter of national destiny
It must not be taken lightly
I think Shi Yun is guilty
I think it's you who is guilty
I can't prove it myself
Instead, blame the Warlord for being rigorous
Now that my people have seen it
Then prove that Shi Yun
Must have had dealings with enemy generals
Just send someone to search his room
Sure to get evidence
How can you enter and exit the Warlord's room at will?
The empress, Shi Yun, is elected to a country that is very powerful
Also ask the Queen to order a search of his room
I still believe that Shi Yun will not gain weight
But it's hard to beat
Or follow the way Xiao Laowang said
Happy King
If you can't find anything today
What kind of teacher
To think people don't know
Unless you don't
When the time comes to find evidence
Your crime
Will be made public
Nonsense
Even if you turn the room upside down
You can't find anything either.
The emperor doesn't do these things at all
What's up?
We found this letter under the Emperor's bed
Hahaha Shi Yun, what else do you have to say?